[Music]
hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a post-apocalyptic
action film attack on titan
part one spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
100 years ago the titans showed up from
nowhere on earth
they kept hunting humans and destroyed
most of humanity eventually
to stop the titans advance the only few
human survivors
built two layers of a great wall the
inner and the outer
to fend for themselves in that way they
continue to live in peace
in the present day inside the outer wall
people cultivate crops for food supply
to those
who live in the city of the inner wall
having not seen
any real titans for almost a hundred
years people there would rather believe
the titan species is just a legend to
the humanity
someday the young boy aaron confides to
his two closest friends
his desire to leave the great wall and
see the outside world
armin who's obsessed with the inventions
made before the destruction of human
civilization
intends to be a scientist while the girl
mikasa
just want to continue the peaceful life
with her two best friends
aaron however unsatisfied with his
current life confined inside
believes there should be some secrets
hidden outside the wall
they later get excited by an ocean-like
picture found printed on an abandoned
bomb
stirred by their curiosity about the
legendary ocean outside
they bypass the garrison secretly and
approach near the outer wall
while they're trying to find a way out
the soldiers notice the suspicious three
and come to stop them immediately rather
than being caught up for punishment
they're told that the military is
assembling a scouting regiment
to explore beyond the walls for more
living space for the people
but right at that time they're
interrupted by a sudden violent
vibration
and terrified to see later a colossal
titan is roaring
and breaking the wall its full strength
the colossal titan stops its attack
and retreats after the wall is breached
which means however
becoming real massacre to all humanity
living inside
numerous titans warm up later and enter
from the broken wall
binge eating people to fill up their
hungry stomachs for they have waited too
long for such a big meal of human
fleshes
what's worse they find that even the big
cannons seem to do no harm to these
titans who can recover quickly from
their injury
and get back up again the sudden attack
turns the whole area into a total chaos
people just run away for life in a great
panic but only find nowhere to hide
when mikasa tries to rescue a baby she's
separated from aaron
and taken away by a titan presumably
killed
aaron struggles desperately to search
for her but to no avail
as the titans continue their hunting for
the hidden survivors
aaron has to make his way out of the
village
two years later the whole rural area has
been taken up by the titans
and the human survivors have to retreat
into the city
the only place left undestroyed within
the inner wall
but due to the overcrowding and food
shortage there the commander-in-chief
assembles the scout regiment
will be sent to the outer wall to fight
against the titans and seal up a broken
wall
attempting to claim their lost lands
back aaron and armin both join the scout
the team plan to move out into a town of
the outer wall first
where they'll meet the defending scouts
for some explosives to fight against the
titans
they know that it's probably a one-way
trip for all of them as it's extremely
dangerous
but that's the only hope left for
humanity though
most of the new scouts know very little
about the titans until they're told that
the titans are mystery creatures
bearing no reproductive organs knowing
that the titans are less active during
the night
they decide to make their way to the
destination under cover of the night
with the gate opened after the night
falls they enter the rural area taken
over by the titans
distracted by something strange on their
way however they stop and search the
surroundings
but only to find a tightened baby left
in the building
once the giant baby sees humans it cries
out loud
wait again don't just run why not play
with a fat baby to stop its cry
baby all loves the companionship the
baby cries result in more titans coming
to hunt the humans
the teens subsequently experience a
narrow escape from the titans
they're all frightened and flee
scattered for their own lives
on their way rushing to the destination
however they're intercepted by a
colossal titan
who's waiting there for its fresh human
desert
as the team are helpless the titan
however is terminated by a guy coming
for rescue
who knows well how to battle with the
titan by attacking its fatal weakness on
the back
the guy named shikishima is the captain
who keeps guard of the explosives
to aaron's surprise the girl
accompanying the captain is actually
mikasa
who survived the attack two years ago
but got badly injured
she's now part of the scouts but seems
to be a stranger to aaron right now
once the team reached the destination
they take out all the explosives from
the basement
and load them to the truck at night
a scout girl turns horny and asks to
play hormone game with aaron
while aaron is still at a loss to the
sutton courtship the horny scout girl
however
gets a real shot from a titan who takes
her out of a sudden
and eats her up due to the unexpected
attack
the new scouts have to run for their
lives again in a great panic
during the chaos a female scout falls
into sorrow by the loss of her boyfriend
as revenge for him she then takes the
truck loaded fully with explosives
and crushes it into the titans resulting
in a massive explosion among them
who injured by the blast though will
recover very soon and get back up from
the ground
aaron gets infuriated by the coming
alive titans
he plunges towards them but fails to
hurt anyone
luckily backed up by the captain's
instructions he kills a titan with a
fatal shot on its back
excited by his first successful attempt
though aaron gets stuck in a titan's
mouth
causing him to be thrown far away with
his one leg ripped off
on the other side while the titans are
besieging some scouts on the rooftop
people on the ground figure out a way to
distract their attack away
as the titans approach near a girl scout
takes the mere chance to shoot a titan
in the eyes
while armin cuts off its hamstrings
causing it to collapse
and gets shot deadly on its back armin
however
is later caught up by a coming titan and
put into its mouth
despite the rest fighting hard to rescue
him
right at that critical moment aaron
recovers to consciousness
and manages to save armand from being
eaten but at the cost of his own life
it's shown aaron swallowed into its
giant stomach where he sees the horny
girl
whose horny body has been badly corroded
crushed by aaron's death though mikasa
keeps fighting until she runs low on
fuel
and comes face to face with the same
titan that ate aaron
however right at that time an unknown
giant monster bursts out of its body
and begins battling the other titans
with deadly shots
as the team are all frightened by such a
new form of a giant
coming to attack mikasa however realizes
that it's aaron
who's actually in control of the giant
after she shouts at the giant with
aaron's name the giant stops its attack
and starts to collapse mikasa then frees
aaron from his titan shell
everybody is shocked to find that
aaron's lost arm and leg have grown back
to normal
and aaron recovers to his consciousness
with his red eyes flashing open
this is daniel cc movie channel bye